changing timeout in FindDuplicatesEmailIncidents (#14018)
demisto/content: Packs/Phishing/ReleaseNotes/2_2_8.md

#### Scripts
##### FindDuplicateEmailIncidents

> - Increased timeout so the script be able to run when having large amount of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increased the *timeout*of the script in order it will be able to process a large number of incidents.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/sklearn:1.0.0.23593*.
```
